I'm going to share the secrets to a B2B
event strategy that drives pipeline and
revenue. I'm joined by Mike Kil Cullen,
who's the VP of marketing over at
Whizzer. We'll dive deep into our events
still worth it for B2B and SAS
companies. We'll talk about who they're
a great fit for and who they're a poor
fit for. We'll share exactly what you
should expect to invest in them from a
resource perspective and from a cash
perspective. We'll talk about all the
groundwork you should be doing
beforehand to prepare for the event.
Perhaps most importantly, we'll talk
about how you can actually drive demos,
qualified sales pipeline, and not just
badge scans. And we'll also share what
you should consider postevent after the
fact to maximize your success. Let's get
into it.
The only B2B events marketing strategy
that you need. Mike, welcome to the
show. Please give everyone a quick intro
to yourself.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me, Sam. I'm
Mike Hill Cullen. I lead marketing at
WISA. We're a B2B data provider uh that
provides real-time verified data for
your outreach and data enrichment. I've
been in B2B SAS I want to say 9 years
cuz it feels like a year ago. I was
telling people 8 years. It's getting up
there. I've worked in mostly
bootstrapped but VC backed Pacquired and
postacquisition. So a bunch of different
worked with a bunch of different types
of operators, different goals throughout
that time span. And yeah, now I'm back
at Bootstrap with WISA and coming up on
my second year or sorry, two complete
years at WISA in December.
>> And we all know nine years in B2B SAS,
especially in the bootstrap world, is
basically 100 years as a normal
marketer. [laughter]
>> It feels like that. I It's funny with
WISA, we have a joke that like there's a
thing called the Wiziverse, which is
just time moves differently when you're
working on Wiza uh in any regard across
like marketing, CS, sales, product,
engineering. there needs to be a study
on it because one week feels like one
month and I want to say that's because
of how productive folks are but it's
funny we try to recall like when was the
last event or like when did we ship this
and it feels like it was a decade ago
and it was like 3 months ago.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think that's a good thing but
compared to all the other companies I've
worked at I've never experienced time
moving like it does.
>> Good stuff man. We're looking forward to
the conversation. We're going to be
diving into all things B2B events so
marketers, founders tuning in can start
nailing their event strategy and
understand when it's a good fit. We'll
talk about things like are events
actually worth it 2026 and beyond for
B2B and SAS companies, who they're a
good fit for, who they're a poor fit
for, what you should expect to invest in
them from both a resource and a cash
perspective, how you can prepare for
them, how you can ensure they actually
drive qualified sales pipeline demos
that can actually drive revenue opposed
to just scanning badges at all costs and
hoping for the best. and what you should
consider doing after the fact, host
event. So, first and foremost, right,
there's been tons of chat. It feels like
to me like a couple years ago, everyone
said events are a waste of time for B2B,
but now everyone's like, "Yeah, in
person, everything's got to be in
person." But are events actually worth
it today?
>> Yeah, I think so. It depends who you
are, depends who your audience is, all
these sorts of like marketing
considerations. But I would say now is
an interesting time. It does feel like
the pendulum is swinging back in the
direction of in person is cool or at at
minimum interesting. You see a lot of
great companies like Clay, like Apollo,
at least in our space that are hosting
their own events for the first time
ever. And so those are exciting to
attend uh because it feels like for the
first time in our space, we're getting
to actually go and connect again for the
first time ever with some of the
community in person versus all of it
being over the last maybe since the
inception of a company or over the last
3 to 4 to 5 years everything just being
totally remote.
>> What do you feel is like the main
differentiator between kind of doing
everything remote opposed to this in
person shift? I mean, probably on like
some human behavior scale, it's just
people want to do something different
than what they've done the last 3, four
years. Like, you know, so many Zoom
calls, so many Slacks, so many LinkedIn
DMs, everything happening over those
channels. It's like, oh, it might be
kind of nice to see one just experience
something different in terms of how you
connect with your customers or or leads,
the community, and then also like, hey,
we can travel again. feels very directly
postco to say but comfortably you know
put trips on the board go out there
being in these large conference venues
with like tons of people and chat and
feels nice still postco I think right
now
>> I agree I think it is nice like building
this business breaking B2B for the last
20 21 months or so I've pretty much been
stuck in my spare office spare room
office just building it only just have I
started actually seeing people in real
life like just started going to London
I've booked a trip end of this month to
go to Budapest to meet up with our
YouTube producer and do some like solo
episodes and guest episodes and stuff
like that. And it just feels nice to be
able to one get out and about, speak to
people. It's not just from a business
perspective. It's one it's quite nice
like psychologically to actually get out
and about, chat to people, have a drink,
have some food and all that kind of
stuff, but also kind of it strengthens
your relationship with their prospects,
of their partners. Feels like it kind of
brings new ideas to the table as well
that you wouldn't necessarily get just
doing your backtoback video calls or
Zoom calls or Hangouts calls and stuff
like that. So yeah, that resonates quite
a lot. Yeah, I actually I would argue
that it's a competitive advantage. Like
if you're able to go and let's say
someone's evaluating five different
tools in our space, those are all data
providers and we're able to go out and
meet with them for coffee, for drinks,
for dinner, whatever the situation is
and and the others aren't. They're all
competing over Zoom and these calls and
even trying to understand like body
language and all these things, you have
a you have a serious advantage. They
feel like they really know you. And then
also to your point like conversations,
ideiation, all of that. when it happens
in real time and in person is just very
different than when it happens over
Zoom, right? You're not thinking about
the next meeting that you might have and
that you have to have a hard stop or a
buffer. None of those thoughts exist in
person. I mean, maybe you get other
things going on, but for the most part,
you can kind of really enjoy the time.
>> I think that's definitely an advantage
for sure. Like less kind of time
constraint and like the conversations
can flow a bit better, which is nice.
So,
>> you're off the Google calendar for sure.
>> Yeah. Who would you say events are a
good or poor fit for? Is there a case
where they're kind of really poor fit or
on the flip side like an exception like
a really strong fit?
>> Yeah, I mean without knowing like
everyone's products, everyone's
audience, I I would say like the big
things are
>> real quick if you want to start fueling
your sales team with a steady stream of
leads, demos, or booked calls from SEO
and organic search across AI and Google.
Why not grab a call with myself over at
breakingb2tb.com.
We can chat through exactly how SEO
[music] could potentially help your
business drive a steady stream of
inbound through organic search. Head
over to breakingb.com or hit the link in
description below. Right back to the
video.
>> The big things are this goes for
everyone. You need to be willing to
invest in the event maybe a bit deeper
than just showing up. And I think we can
speak to this directly because it's
worked for us. It's part of just a
company culture. So like it wasn't
something that we thought too deeply
about. about it, which is, hey, we're
going to go out to this event we're
sponsoring. What merch are we going to
bring that's unique that this audience
at this event is going to be interested
in that they're going to walk around
after they get like a freebie or we give
a hoodie away cuz they booked a demo?
What could these items be that they're
going to walk away, walk around the
conference, tell others about, others
are going to see, and it's going to
drive word of mouth, and that's going to
drive inbound foot traffic to the booth
and more conversations, more demos, more
deals. And to do that, I don't think you
can do that if you're a company that's
looking at events like, "All right, this
is a big spend for us to get the booth,
which again, just evaluate the events on
their costs first, but you have to
invest more deeply than that." You have
to say, "We're going to bring some
merch. We're going to bring some some
freebies or some items, and then that's
how we're going to get success at the
event." Being there in person is just
the first step, and then the second step
is like really critical to finding some
ROI there.
>> Got it. So it sounds like actually
having a certain mindset for the event
rather than thinking like you said I
don't know whatever the cost of the
event might be that's going to soak up
like a big chunk of our marketing budget
this year. we can't do much more apart
from actually sponsor it and and have
our booth and that's that's that whereas
you should actually
>> yeah I I would say like it's just so to
answer the initial question like who are
events a good fit or a poor fit for I
think companies that have the right
mindset and then also have the resources
to invest deeply again that just means
more than the 15k for the booth or 30k
for the booth whatever it is can you put
another 10k into the event and I think
that with some mindset and creativity is
where things get really interesting
because as a sponsor at an event with a
lot of other sponsors there. We're
trying to win the event. We're trying to
win everyone's attention. We want them
to walk away and be like that sponsor or
that that company get the most of my
attention or was the most interesting.
You have to have resources to invest and
to to compete and achieve that.
>> Makes sense. So, what do you feel is the
best way that a company can prepare when
it comes to events? Like pretending
they've got some cash set aside, they're
setting aside hopefully some decent
resource from their team as well. What
are the things you've got to do, the
must-h have checklist before you
actually turn up and start greeting
prospects?
>> Yeah, I I would say definitely have a
session with your stakeholders or or
even like the most creative people or
people that have been to events at your
company. Like for me, I hadn't done an
event in a while. So when we were
talking about Sculpt, which was Clay's
first conference in SF in September, and
we were the marquee sponsor for it, I
was like, "Okay, let's prepare for this.
What do we want to do?" Okay, well,
what's relevant right now? Venova who
runs our customer success like is always
on top of trends and everything and I
was like hey this was in August I said
hey like if we do custom lab boooos is
this going to be relevant in 30 days at
this event like I just don't know I'm
getting up there so I'm not certain of
those things and she's like yeah
absolutely do those for sure and then
that was a winner that was like
validation that came from someone
outside marketing in the company that
was just creative that knows in person
that knows what people respond to so
have a session and bring in people from
your company that are creative, are on
the ball of trends, especially when it
comes to merch and investing money and
getting some stuff made and really think
about like, all right, is this also an
audience fit? Like, are the people that
are attending this conference going to
respond well to this? And I really think
your north star should be we want to
drive inbound through word of mouth at
the event. So, what is going to get
people talking, right? It's not going to
be branded pens. It's not going to be
stickers. It's not going to be anything
that they can see on on every booth or
at every booth. uh it's going to be
something that's unique, time relevant,
uh and maybe even feel like scarce. The
Laboo did that. We also had we brought a
hundred custommade shirts and those were
free. The Lubus we traded for demos for
the most part. And there there's more to
unpack there as well, but yeah. So the
starting point is basically getting with
your team that have a good grip on your
ICP, on your dream clients, on the
market right now, on trends, and kind of
almost having like a a session together
to kind of work out like what would our
ICP actually care about? What's trending
right now? What's what's going to be
quite cool, quite fun, quite different
that they would they would find nice
right now? and like how can we kind of
stand out from like the classic plays
that the other boobs are doing like I
don't know giving out yetis or pens or
coffees or whatever it might be
>> which are fine things too like I don't
have a I don't have a pen with me and
I'd love to have a pen most of the time
[laughter] um coffee is great but yeah I
think if if I had to just think about
like one goal of the event and what
happens in that session once that's
scheduled and that can be a month out of
the event if you're booking the events
in 2026 already it can be sooner
>> but I think it's good with merch to be
like within a reasonable amount of time
in case a trend changes. But yeah, I I
think you've got to be thinking about it
30 days out, 45 days out, 60 days out
and have creative stakeholders. People
maybe have been to events and and the
goal is how do we build a a word of
mouth engine at the event on the
conference floor within this one day
span?
>> Yeah, word of mouth engine. I like that.
Okay, what else do we do?
>> Um oh, what else? So, I think the goals
that fall in beneath that is what are
you optimizing for for us? Like I'm
going to speak specifically to Sculpt
and shout out Clay and Mustafa Khan over
there because they did such a wonderful
job especially for their first event
putting that on. I think depending on
your sponsorship tiers, every event is
going to give you their venue map and
the floor plan. And if you have an
option to be strategic and choose where
you're going to be, whether that's
because you're signing on early or
you're spending more in a different
sponsorship tier, do that. I think
collocation is a big deal. You want to
be next to obviously someone that's not
competitive. It's a big deal if you are,
but like maybe someone that's
complimentary. Like we'd love to be next
to Nooks at events because we work with
Nooks, we partner with Nooks, we
integrate with them, and also there's
just a lot of good alignment between our
marketing team. So, we know that's going
to be like a two for one deal for people
that are walking around the event. Oh, I
get to go chat with these two little
companies and there could be a lot of
interesting conversation there. But even
even beyond that, if you don't have
someone that you can colllocate with,
collocate with like the free food, the
snacks,
>> um things that get foot traffic, I I I
think this is such a big deal. I'm going
to go back to Sculpt again. When we were
chatting with them, they were like,
"Hey, we have this room that has all the
sponsors and that's where you would be
as it stands. We also have this area
that's kind of interesting and it's
larger. It's like twice the size of the
space that you would have in this room
and the different part of the event and
gets a few more eyeballs and there's
kind of an overflow area for people
watching the keynotes and there's free
snacks. And I really was like kind of
torn on this. I was like, well, if we're
not in the sponsorship room, are we
going to miss out on people that are
like, "All right, I'm going to go spend
30 minutes in the sponsorship room. Is
it possible we just get like looked over
completely even with this like bigger
booth and supposedly like an area that
gets more foot traffic?" And Clay was
completely right. It ended up being the
right call for us to go and get that
other spot. It differentiated us and all
day people were walking up grabbing a
soda or a water or some snacks. Oh, you
guys have and again this is where like
the freebies and everything come back
in. Oh, you guys have are these t-shirts
free? Oh, you guys have merch? Then we
start talking to them. Oh, what do you
do? Oh, I run GTM systems at notion. Oh,
awesome. What data provider are you
using? Right? Like what's your setup?
What's your waterfall? So, collocation's
big. Be strategic on the floor plan.
Definitely ask for that and really think
about it. I I think a lot of times the
events know the conferences know so the
locations are tiered part of
>> and everyone's happier if they've got
food and drink right but I'm happy if
I've got a drink and I've got a burger
or whatever I've got I'm in a better
mood.
>> Yeah. Probably some positive association
with that too. It was funny like
throughout the day the lunch break
happened. There was free lunch.
Everything was catered and those
individuals are coming over and they're
just trying to find a place to sit down
maybe talk with their co-workers or
someone that they met up with at the
event and have lunch. And just by
[snorts] way of being near a place like
that, you're probably going to get at
least a 10% boost in conversation. It's
a well-known thing. It's just, you know,
be adamant about getting a very good
location at these events. Don't just
settle for we have a booth. All right.
Now, let's figure out what we're going
to do at it.
>> Yeah, I like that. So, we're we're
thinking about how we can stand out and
get that kind of word of mouth engine
flowing in the event itself. Get that
attention. We're thinking about getting
a prime location next to the food, next
to the bar ideally. Anything else we
should plan like should we be doing? I
know I've spoken to some marketers
before where they've kind of tried to do
like pre-event almost strike up
pre-event like meetings and
conversations with prospects. I don't
know what what your thoughts are there
or if there's any other plays that you
recommend that folks do before they
attend
>> in our event planning for this
presession. I don't think that we had
much open discussion about that, but it
did happen. Like when we got there, KJ
Chow, who leads our API business, and
Matty Swenson, who works with him as
well, we're like, "Hey, we're we're
doing a live demo or or later today with
Hey Reach, they're coming by the booth.
We already chatted with them ahead of
time. We've been chatting with them, and
now that we're in person, we're going to
sit down and do that." And that was
super cool. I I think if you get the
opportunity, you treat it like any other
in-person work trip. can we meet up with
folks that we're talking to that were in
evaluation way of discussing sit down
face to face have a more enjoyable more
intimate conversation and so we that
wasn't part of the strategy but it did
naturally line up because our sales and
go to market teams are just awesome so
they were thinking ahead and and set
those up.
>> Nice. Anything else we got to do before
we go?
>> So one one other thing that we've done
and I think it falls into the merch and
the freebies is we've brought costumes
to the event so far. the larger
conferences, not not the dinner series
and and those items. And so Sculpt KJ
wore a wizard outfit, which is part of
our culture. We thought it would be fun,
easy to identify us. You know, if we put
him 10 ft out of the booth, people are
probably going to stop and be like,
"Hey, what's going on?" And then even
some content came with that. That was
really funny. So that was great. And
then we're like, "All right, well, let's
just roll that on to when we did Apollo
Next, which was a few weeks later back
in SF. And I wore a Willy Wonka costume.
And we had tons of Wiza branded
chocolate bars that we gave away for
free with some golden tickets for
credits and unlimited plans. And I would
I would bundle all that up and just say
like if you can who whoever's leading
this as a marketer, have a theme.
>> That feels cohesive across the board
with your merch and everything. And
that's probably something we'll look to
carry on at most major events we do.
>> Big fan of that, especially in my
industry, right? Like SEO, what we sell
is such a in my opinion is I sell SEO. I
enjoy SEO, but I think most people find
it boring. So, I pretty much do the same
stuff as you, but on a bootstrap budget
in the sense that I'll dress up as SEO
man superhero. Couple weeks back, we did
a Nickelback. Spent all day dressing up
as Nickelback and doing a B2B marketing
tune like that. Like, we do all this
kind of crazy stuff. I'll have to ping
you that after the session. Very similar
kind of theme really like how can we get
attention from our prospects, be
remembered, do that kind of mini viral
word of mouth stuff, but then link it
back to our product or our offer, our
service in our case. So yeah, big fan of
kind of doing that stuff because it gets
remembered like you say, it gets talked
about and yeah, if us as marketers are
in a obviously I'm fortunate as a
founder, I can pretty much do what I
want within reason, but if you've got a
as a marketer, if you're in a team where
that gives you that that creativity,
it's fun for yourself, but it also like
really gets you remembered and talked
about and like you said, it might get
shared on LinkedIn and just has so many
extra advantages.
>> Yeah, it's kind of a it's kind of a
simple idea, right? Like just stand out.
like
>> you might have competitors there
fighting for attention like just stand
out if you can and I think Wiz are so
great because we have that in the
culture like those are that's who we are
as a fabric of the company is a lot of
unique personality and people that
aren't afraid to be themselves
>> KJ even like ordered the wizard costume
on his own and was like should I do this
or like I'm doing this and then it was
like a thumbs up so people who are not
even in marketing or like the more
creative side are just bringing their
creativity to it anyways foster that if
you can definitely allow for it and
yeah, just try to stand out.
>> Yeah, highly recommended. Okay, good
stuff. So, that's a nice checklist to do
kind of before the fact. Get all this
stuff ready, prepared, so you're on the
ball, you're ready to stand out, you
know what the game plan is. Then, what
are we doing when we get to the event?
Kind of avoid the classic just scanning
badges at all costs, but actually trying
to get some decent volume of qualified
demos to kind of fuel our sales team for
the next quarter or so.
>> H well, one, we're getting into the
event the day before. I'm going to walk
through like start to finish cuz I've
actually been kind of interested in how
this all works together very well. We're
getting into the the day before the team
on the ground. We're going out to
dinner. We're going to talk about the
goals for the next day. Um we're going
to have a great time. You know, with us,
we're a fully remote company. We've
scaled from five employees or or seven
employees entering the year to now close
to 34. So these events and and mostly
like the sales team joined them. It's
the first time a lot of us have met each
other. And it might be the same case
even if you know people from your
company that are attending with you over
Zoom. Get in the day before. I think
goes without saying, but go out to
dinner, get to know each other, kind of
get a feel for like, okay, who's going
to like maybe leave demos or have a
laptop open if you have limited space
and make sure that the goals are laid
out like, hey, tomorrow we want to drive
as many demos as possible. The last
event we went to, we drove 30 demos. I
think with this team, tomorrow we can
drive 60. How do we do it? Like we can
break it down by like hourly, how many
do we have to have? and just sort of set
up the ideas of what you need to do to
achieve those goals. Have a nice dinner.
You know, I would say like get back uh
get some rest, wake up the nightclubs,
avoid the nightclubs the first night if
you can. But yeah, plan on getting back,
getting some rest, being up, sharp time.
You know, it's funny. I I think with
both of these events, sculpt, they both
were like you can get there an hour
before the event opens. And that's ideal
because we want you to set up so that
when we open the doors, people are
walking in, seeing you guys immediately.
It doesn't look like you guys are still
getting ready. It's as much of the look
of their event as it is us getting
advantage of of being there. And with
Apollo, it was like I think it was like
700 a.m. or something. So that night
before dinner, I'm like, "All right,
we're up at 6:00 in the lobby tomorrow."
And people are jetlacked or not
jetlacked, but you know, traveling from
different time zones. I'm coming from
the East Coast. So, it's kind of a funny
thing, but get there an hour early for
sure. Get everything set up. If you've
got merch, you got freebies. Really be
thoughtful in how you lay everything
out. Again, nothing too complex. It just
needs to be fully visible. It needs to
give off like, "Oh, okay. if I'm walking
past this, am I going to be interested
in asking, hey, are these are these free
or what are these or what's going on
here? So, definitely being thoughtful
and and setting everything up. We really
set up the skull booth like a shop. Um,
that's what it felt like. And then I
think people were stoked to find out
that everything was like free or we
could trade for a demo if it was
limited. And then the same thing with
Apollo Next, just making sure the booth
looked stellar, had everything laid out
very cleanly. So, get all that set up
and then as soon as people come in, like
you're not going to have the energy. I
think one thing that's kind of funny is
like we door dash energy drinks or like
coffee, you know, get the team going.
Whatever works for you and as soon as
the doors open, people are going to
flood in. We're off to the races. We're
just we're dishing out chocolate bars or
shirts. We're chatting. We're making it
very fun. And I think already in like
the first few hours of both of those, we
were booking demos. So, not waiting
until like, oh, will people be around at
lunch? We'll wait till everyone shows
up. Really get after it as soon as the
doors open. I have the energy resting
the night before, having everything in
there, having a plan. You want me to go
through like the full day or
>> le? Let's Yeah, we'll do it in a second.
Why not? Because I'm enjoying this a
lot. And I think a lot of marketers are
going to find this super useful and
hopefully share it with the rest of
their team so they can make their events
in the future a success. I was
interested in terms of kind of you said
like like you said there, prepare well,
get there early, maximize the time cuz
when people come in, you want to kind of
grab their attention with everything
you've prepped before. What are your
recommendations? So you is it a mix of
like all your team or have you got sales
reps that are kind of standing at the
front of the Broove or trying to grab
people in with in your case the Wonka
chocolate bars or the free laboo toys or
trying to get them on a demo of that?
Like what's the approach to I guess
you've got the stuff that can get the
attention that's different to what
everyone else is doing. But how are we
kind of taking that approach to then
getting someone from kind of walking by
in your case that's near the food bar
perhaps trying to grab a coffee and a
breakfast bagel. How do we get their
attention and say look have my labu grab
a demo. What's the what's the flow
there? So, in terms of who we bring to
the events, I think we've actually
switched it up a little bit, but both
times we've had great success. So, the
first one we brought the house for
sculpt, we had Stephen, our CEO and
founder, Harrison, our COO, KJ and
Maddie who lead API, Logan, who's one of
our highest performing sales reps. Um,
he's going to hate me for that because
right now he is the top performing. So,
Logan, some love for you there. And then
the second event, we brought two other
sales reps. We brought uh Alex Green who
is on the marketing team, leads our
social and community because we had like
a lot of swag to give out. We didn't
have as big of a team. So even like set
up and flying everything out there and
making sure everything was good, that
was a good crew to have and to give
other people more opportunities on the
floor like, "Hey, how are you going to
perform in person?" I think I think
that's an exciting thing to be able to
do. And so I would say both times it
seems like a fallback, but it's just in
the Wizard culture like we're going to
talk and have conversation. Everyone's
super outgoing regardless of which team
they're on. And I think once the goal is
set for the demos, the sales team is
obviously like they're ready to go.
They're just thinking about, you know,
can we get to that number within the
day? And then I'm doing a lot of like,
hey, how are we tracking? How's
everything going? Who are you just
chatting with? Like, and then you're
hearing, oh, it was someone from Lyft or
someone from Uber, someone from Adobe.
And then, so just using that excitement
to feel more excitement. Oh, like, oh,
no way. Do they seem really interested?
Yeah, they actually are evaluating right
now. Did we get them on the calendar?
Yeah, we got them on the calendar. Okay,
great. And then that's having that
conversation kind of openly with
everyone at the booth is like fueling
like I want to go and get a big logo. I
want to talk to individuals. I want to
get them on the cow.
>> Also just maybe like actively managing
it a little bit, not just kind of like
hanging out with all these teams. And I
think if you're setting up the event
sponsorship in the conference, whether
or not you're like the lead on their
team or like you're in sales, it is your
job to actively manage that throughout
the event to really see like, oh, a lot
of people are going over to this booth.
What's going on over there? in adapting
your booth, changing things up, hearing
what's working. So, you are the leader
at the event for the entire team that is
there, regardless of whether or not they
are on your the marketing team or the
sales team or whatever it is.
>> Nice. How do you think about You
mentioned targets there for demos. How
do you folks think about that?
>> If I look back at the other events we've
done before Sculpt, really the only ones
were we hosted a WHIZA anniversary. We
did our 5-y year anniversary at New York
Tech Week, which is kind of like a get
the whole team here, a bit of an
on-site, and then also invite all of our
customers, community, anyone from New
York Tech Week that'd be interested to
what would be a great party. So, we did
like a rooftop open bar, we had a
magician, we had our engineering team
playing people in chess, we had like a
backdrop for photos, a photographer, we
had a DJ, we had a balloon wall. So, we
did a lot of fun stuff like that. And I
would say and then we did that two years
in a row and there wasn't a demo goal at
those but we did know who was coming
because we own the attendee list or the
registration list. So I was like hey
these are customers of like four or five
years. We know what they look like.
We've identified them. Let's make sure
we talk to them and have great
conversation. We want to do that
anyways. A lot of times it's just
recognize. So let's do some work there
and make sure we recognize these people.
Have great chats with them. And that can
happen naturally but we plan for it. And
then who are folks that are oh there's
someone showing up from Zapier. there's
someone showing up from OpenAI like oh
that's awesome like let's make sure we
chat with them as well. So just doing a
lot of pre-work on those. We didn't have
a demo goal. It was just let's have
great conversations. I actually think
Steven or myself said something going
into one of those events that was like
don't be salesy there. Like there is no
salesdriven initiative at this party.
The only initiative is make sure
everyone has a fantastic time. That's
pretty much it. That's what we led with
on those. Now whether or not that's like
positive ROI way of thinking, it's hard
to measure, but I do think that we
succeeded in that goal for those events.
With these events, because we invested
what felt like more outwardly and being
there and having everyone's time, right?
Like your sales people are there,
they're not selling, they're not taking
demos like their day-to-day work. We
wanted to make sure that we were getting
uh ROI and driving it the best we can.
So that's where the goals got introduced
for demos. And for Sculpt, it was kind
of like let's see what we can get here.
But just knowing our team like
definitely 10 plus I think maybe there
was some talk around like 20 to 30 and
then once we had that as a benchmark
Apollo next was this is what we need to
beat and so like moving forward that's
probably what we'll go by now there's
some nuance with that in that like if
you're optimizing for just demo volume
you might be taking on demos that are
not qualified and if you're giving away
merch for them like maybe that's not the
best way of thinking so we'll probably
keep an eye on that and tailor it but at
least for like one two backto-back
events and getting it going I think it
was a pretty successful approach and and
got people excited decided to drive
demos and just see like hey can I do
this within 12 hours span on my foot or
on my feet on the floor and yeah so
that's kind of how that came about.
>> Yeah, good stuff. And suppose last thing
on on the demo front from what your
sales team are doing I guess to take
someone from from just walking past to
actually getting them to I guess either
take a demo there or give submit their
details so then you can book a demo at a
later date. Was there something that
worked better than was like was there
one approach to that that worked better
than maybe another that you found?
>> It's all these things together, right?
So it's It's a location. It's having
some merch or some sort of like
interesting freebie or giveaway out
there visible. That's going to attract
like their eyes. Then it's going to lead
them to ask a question. Hey, what's
going on here? But from there, it's just
having a very personable outgoing team.
And if they have a goal to drive demos,
right, they're already thinking as soon
as someone comes up and shows some
attention. Oh, what company are you
with? Oh, what are you doing here? Oh,
what data provider are you using? Hey,
I'd love to show you what we've got
going on and why people are using us
right now. Is there any chance I could
get you on the calendar? And you know
what? like what we could do is I can get
you one of these hoodies for free or we
can enter you in a giveaway for the Lab
Boooo. So that that whole like process
just works hand in hand together. And
then the only other caveat there is
because we've done the costumes, we have
someone that's like literally on the
floor like 10 ft out from the booth
probably bringing some eyeballs and some
more foot traffic nearby into the booth.
But yeah, it's all those things
together. Yeah, I think that all those
pieces of the puzzle kind of feed in
quite nicely. And I'm sure that a lot of
folks tuning in are thinking, I wish I
did that on my last event in the sense
that I know marketers that have turned
up to events with very little
preparation and got very little off the
back of it purely because they haven't
just, like you said, done all these
things to prepare pre-event during the
event and kind of maximizing everything.
So, I think this is going to be super
beneficial and I'm learning a ton at the
same time. Is there anything else that
we should consider when we're at the
event or would you say we've covered
kind of all the key points? Anything
else to consider? I mean, definitely the
event organizers are pretty good about
coming by and chatting with you, but
when we get there, make sure we know
everyone by name, introduce yourself,
things are going to happen. You may have
questions, like establish that. I think
it's kind of interesting. I've seen
other sponsors get there early, set up,
and then like not make too much of an
effort beyond that. I think like know
the entire room, right? Like you're only
there for a limited amount of time. Like
really get after it and go for it. And
you never know you're going to connect
with on LinkedIn and then follow up
after or they might reach out. Maybe
they're not evaluating a tool right now,
but because you met them, they had a
question. Maybe it was someone that met
in in customer success from the event
organizers company and you connected
with them on LinkedIn and it was a
fleeting moment, maybe like 2 minutes
and then a month, two months later,
they're like, "Hey, I have a customer
that's actually like looking for a tool
like yours, right? So, just capitalize
on being in person." I I think that's
one of the biggest things. It's not
enough to just show up and be there.
Beyond the freebies, beyond putting
everything together, beyond being
strategic, having a theme, make sure you
use every chance you have to to meet
everyone in the room.
>> Makes sense. Any recommendations on what
to do after the event? Maybe like you
say with some of these folks that you've
spoken to and maybe you've connected
with them on LinkedIn or maybe they
weren't ready to chat now or any
follow-ups and things like that.
>> You know, it's funny like I would say
our postevent motion is not as strong,
but it's a good thing because the reason
is we drive the demos at the event. It's
the height of their interest. They're in
conversation. We have the benefit of
having a pretty frictionless book a demo
form, you know, so reps, anyone who's
there has their laptop open or their
phone open and they have that URL open.
Hey, what's your name? Oh, can you throw
your email in here? They already have
the use case cuz you're chatting with
them, which is one of our qualifiers.
And then, hey, just choose a day and a
time here. It doesn't have to be today
or tomorrow. It can be next week. So, we
get all that done at the event. So, like
postevent followup for us is is almost
an afterthought, right? Like I also
don't think it it works super well.
People just moved on. They've returned
to their home office or their place of
work. they're thinking about some
quarterly initiative that's on their
mind because they were just out of town.
They're catching up on emails. They're
not like that um energy to jump into a
demo or conversation or evaluate is not
there unless they're like really truly
in evaluation already at that point. And
in that case, they'll follow up with
you. But what you can do is anyone that
we if I get the post attendee list,
which most events will give you or
sorry, the attending list post event, I
will go through and say, "Hey team that
was there, can we mark everyone that we
chatted with or that we know?" Then
anyone who's not on that, I don't opt
for automated follow-up. by just sync.
We hand it to our SDR team and we say,
"Hey, these folks were at the event. We
didn't get to chat with them. Feel free
to give them a call or shoot them an
email, however they want to handle
outreach.
>> Send them a chocolate bar in the post.
>> Send them a chocolate bar." Yeah. Be
willing. I I feel like there's so many
parts of the theme, but like yeah, just
be willing to go a little bit further
than the other events sponsors.
>> Nice.
>> But yeah, we're not against that. I
think I've sent I shipped a labu post
event to someone that had won it and
we've sent hoodies as well post event.
And I actually recently, this is not a
conference, but I was at a Zap year
hosted dinner in New York City that Phil
Lake put on, did a tremendous job with
it. And after their dinner, you know,
there's probably like 25 of us there.
They did automated follow-up. And we're
like, we want to send you the new Zapier
merch, which I thought was a really nice
one-two punch. And also just maybe more
affirmation that having some sort of
like physical product, whether it's at
the event, is a good idea.
>> Yeah, I like it. Just to wrap up on,
what are your thoughts on I know quite a
lot of B2B tech SAS companies do like
pre-parties or postevent parties or
cocktail evenings and that kind of
stuff. It sounds like you did one, but I
think that was more of like a a one-off
thing to celebrate your 5y year
anniversary, but what are your thoughts
on those kind of I guess I I see a lot
of SAS companies do it like near the
venue like at a cocktail bar or coffee
before or that kind of stuff? Yeah, I
think well so now like some of those are
baked into the sponsorship availability
like the event sponsors will be like hey
do you want to host the pre-party? Do
you want to do this? I think the idea
there is that it's more fun than the
event itself. You're get to have your
brand associated with like a happy hour
something everyone's just arriving so
they have more energy. A lot of people
do go out the night before for dinner
for drinks. So people are trying to
capitalize on that. There's also always
like the happy hour after party after
the event. So, those are being sold
already as like part of different
sponsorships. And then I think what
happens is sometimes companies in those
discussions don't like the price, but
they go, "Oh, everyone's going to be
there." And there's this cool speak
easyy right next to the hotel that we
think everyone's going to be at or that
they have a block for. Why don't we
just, you know, maybe spend half the
price, write out the venue, and then
find out who's going beforehand and
invite them to that. So, it's almost
like some people are trying to curb some
of the sponsorship, which depending on
the price might make sense for them, and
just capitalize around the event. M
>> I I think it works if you do it with a
bunch of other brands and you really
build like what feels like the pre-party
um if it's not a school ship item. So I
feel like a few did that crazy event for
the afterparty. There was like Smart
Lead, maybe Lead Magic, like a few other
companies all did it together. That was
probably an interesting one. If you just
try to do it yourself, like you better
really have a strong community that's
going to opt to show up at your
semi-related or or event adjacent event.
Otherwise, it's it's probably difficult
about the ROI there.
>> Yeah, it's a fair point. I guess it's
like convincing folks to go to something
that especially if you're kind of a
newcomer brand and they might not have
that much trust in you and the rest of
it opposed to like the main sponsor
event where they can see all the brands
they already know and trust and they can
see it's like a pre-arranged thing. It's
like trying to convince folks to come to
that as opposed to like the the main
event or the main pre-party rather is a
bit of a game. Yeah, just yeah, it feels
like it might be like an easy cost
cutting creative approach to doing
something around the event and it
definitely can be, but it's a challenge
for sure. You're competing with
everything else that people are going to
do pre-event, whether it's just get in,
rest, go out to dinner with the team,
set goals for the next day, whatever it
is. But yeah, I haven't had so much
experience with it that I could like
definitively say if it's it's the move
or not, but we like the event itself. We
know people are going to be there and we
know that we can do a good job there.
>> Awesome. Mike, enjoyed the conversation,
sir. Thank you for sharing the the full
playbook. Thank you for not cutting
anything out. Everything from kind of
pre-event, the night before, the event
itself, after event, event parties.
Enjoyed the chat. I've actually learned
quite a lot to be fair. Given me some
ideas, and I'm sure everyone watching or
listening has as well. So, with that, I
want to thank you for your time, and
also please do share with our audience
more about Whizzer, where they can
connect with you, and anything else
you'd like to share.
>> Awesome. Well, I appreciate you having
me, Sam. It's been fun to talk about it.
I want to caveat this all with I am not
an event marketer or an event expert. So
if this is your discipline, please let
me know what I'm wrong about or it could
be doing better, but I do feel like
we've had a good run this year and it's
set up a lot of excitement for planning
for 2026 and even testing other new
types of events, smaller dinners or
happy hours and things like that. So
yeah, thanks for having me.
>> No worries, man. And where can folks
learn more about yourself and Wizer?
>> Yeah, just head to wizard.co. It's
wisa.co.
If you're in sales, marketing,
recruiting, go to market, do any sort of
business development, we help you get
real-time verified email addresses,
phone numbers, tons of other data points
for your outreach. We got a pretty large
contact database. I think it's at 850
million plus contacts in it. And we
focus specifically on data quality as
well as global coverage. So, if you're
having trouble expanding into other
markets, we're getting, you know, uh,
really positive find rates on emails for
your list, um, come try us out. We're
also available in clay. So, if you're
using a waterfall, maybe potentially
save some cost by moving us up in it.
>> Legend. Cheers, Mike. Speak soon.
>> Yeah. Cheers, Sam.
>> There we have it. I hope you found this
event strategy breakdown super useful. I
know I did. And if you want to join
thousands [music] of B2B legends
enjoying my weekday newsletter, you'll
also instantly unlock my 90 days to
revenue [music] SEO playbook. Head over
to breakingb.com and hit that newsletter
tab. And with that, I shall catch you on
the next one. Cheers.